0. What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?

   - One of the longest words in the English language. It is an obscure term that refers to a lung disease caused by silica dust.

1. According to its man page, what does getrusage do?

   -  Getrusage() returns information describing the resources utilized by the current process, or all its terminated child processes.

                                int getrusage(int who, struct rusage *r_usage);

   The who parameter contains either RUSAGE_SELF or RUSAGE_CHILDREN, and the buffer is a pointer to an <rusage> struct.
   You must #include <sys/resource.h>. Getrusage() will return 0 if successful, else -1 is returned and the global variable <errno>
   is set to indicate the error.

2. Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?

   - 16, 2 of type struct <timeval> and 14 of type <long>.

3. Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?

   - Passing a pointer as an argument to getrusage is less costly than passing by value, as rusage is a rather large struct.

4. Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince
   us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.

   - Main() declares a char array of size LENGTH + 1, which is enough to hold the default size of a word plus an extra space for the null terminator
   '\0'. The foor loop reads words into the char array 1 character at a time, ignoring words with numbers in them or words longers than the default
   size. When a complete word is found, it passes that word to the check() function, compares the word to the words in the dictionary, and returns
   a boolean value.

5. Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s"
   to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?

   - If we were to use fscanf, we would be reading 1 word at a time, but wouldn't know if that word contained numbers or characters we would need
   to ignore per the spec of this program. Fgetc reads one character at a time, allowing us to do just that.

6. Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const?

   - The values passed to check() and load() functions will not change, hence the const, or constant. They will stay the same throughout the length of the
   function.

7. What data structure(s) did you use to implement your spell-checker? Be sure not to leave your answer at just "hash table," "trie," or the like. Expound on what’s inside each of your "nodes."

   - I used a hash table to implement my spell-checker. I will be optimizing the code further to make the program run faster, and will possibly
   implement a trie as well.

8. How slow was your code the first time you got it working correctly?

- About 3 seconds.

9. What kinds of changes, if any, did you make to your code in order to improve its performance?

- I used a popular hash function called dbj2, and refactored my code to optimize anything that could add to the time of the program.

10. Do you feel that your code has any bottlenecks that you were not able to chip away at?

- No I think as far as hash tables go, mine works pretty well. There may be some thing I don't know about but I feel that my program runs fast and
efficient.
